so the reddit community asked what wine
goes best with the Crunchwrap supreme
and as a fan of Reddit and Alexis and of
wine
I decided there's a lot of people trying
to answer the question but I felt like I
was the best person in the right
position to succeed in this cancer so
this delicious Crunchwrap supreme when
you eat it just a lot of wine so I'm
gonna give you the real answer
screw it this is red I can talk with my
brother chanting Rob 2009 Syrah so the
answer is Syrah but but but Syrah has to
be from Chile so this is our Syrah is
from Chile great little producer snippy
snip it's kind of going to kind of got
that huge licorice a little bit of like
taking do remember purple nerds candy
put that in the microwave get to a
reduction sauce and that's coming across
and a little bit of like kind of like a
shard a barbecue top of like Bay back
short ribs that barbecue thing on the
palate great explosion of red flowers a
little hint of a a black licorice and
going with the spiciness and the meats
and cheeses
perfect harmony like ken O'Brien finding
Wesley Walker in the back of the endzone
this is a great wine look for Syrah you
need big fruit to overpower the meats
and the spices this doesn't overpower it
so you still actually taste the supreme
but the wine coexists dances a perfect
dance there you'll read it Chilean Syrah
is today's answer